BLOG-TITLE: New Name, Who's This? - Rebranding Under A New Name
TOPIC: Brand Management
DATE: Nov 11, 2019
DESC: Rebranding gives companies an opportunity to refresh or completely re-invent their corporate image. Most companies rebrand to modernize
an outdated brand, shake a bad reputation, or to appeal to different audiences. Sometimes extensive corporate growth, new management, or the 
expansion of product lines can trigger the need to rebrand as well.

In my case, Corporate A Office Equipment decided to rebrand for all of the above, and I found myself in the perfect position to take on the rebrand 
head first - (See How I Got Here for more). Starting out, I was given the new company name and a general logo idea to get the ball rolling. Corporate A was a local, family-owned 
company that had been around for over 60 years. In the next state over, we had acquired Corporate B Business Solutions & Products and Corporate C 
Office Prodcuts which were also two well-known, family-owned companies - one of which had been established in 1921. My goal was to handle the merger 
of these 3 well-established companies - along with their differing product lines, create a cohesive brand that could stand the test of time, and 
finally get the word out while building up a corporate culture to match.

Given three company names and logos that had absolutely nothing to do with one another, I had my work cut out for me. This new name, "Z-Tech" was to 
become the uniting force of these three individual companies. Resistance to changing the identities of these businesses that had been established for
nearly 100 years came without a doubt. Many employees were relatives of the previous owners, and some even beared the family name that had been passed
down with the businesses throughout the years. It was imperative to many that this new brand encapsulated each of the previous companies and respected
the history that had come before them - all while bringing this new company into the 21st century. 

My first task was to announce this new name and establish a connection between the three individual brands. Corporate A, Corporate B, and Corporate C 
were still operating as three separate companies out of multiple different locations. I had to announce the new name and start tying these brands 
together. I started out by adding the electric blue "A Z-Tech Company" tagline under each of the company logos. With red, black, and green logos, the 
pop of blue that indicated our new brand was eye-catching - seeing as it didn't necessarily mesh well with the other logos, it somewhat worked in our 
favor that it stood out. People that had recognized these local brands for years could still identify the company they knew, but definitely noticed 
that something was different.

From this point on, every single document, marketing material, email, letterhead, and so on that came out of the company was updated with the sublte
electric blue tagline underneath each logo. Since we were still operating three different websites, three different Facebooks, LinkedIns, and Twitter 
accounts, changes were slowly but surely made to each overall site name as well. After gaining access to all of our accounts, I worked to standardize 
the brand across all pages so that each about section read the same company story of three brands that were merging together as one. Everyone that had 
interactions with customers were also briefed and educated on the story we were portraying as this new brand was beginning to come to light.

After a few months of rolling out the updated logos, internal processes and administrative tasks began merging together and we started running 
into the "answering the phone issue". It became apparent that I needed to work quickly to launch the next phase of our rebrand. The public was 
starting to ask questions about this new brand and it was becoming increasingly more difficult as our phone lines became intertwined. Calling one 
number and leaving voicemails for people saying they work at different company names became confusing. People reaching our main line looking for 
one brand or the other made for quite the hunt to find the correct person to talk to. Sales teams began having to answer the phone as "Hi, you've 
reached 'Corporate A Office Equipment, Corporate B Business Solutions & Products, Corporate C Office Prodcuts, A Z-Tech Company', how may I help 
you?" and 99% of the time, they couldn't utter out the combined company name fast enough to beat a 30 second voicemail. This was no way to go on 
for very long so the next phase ensued - The Rebrand: Soft Launch.       

IMG1:
IMG2:
TAG1:
TAG2:
TAG3:
